# NRMS - Nuclear Reactor Management System

## Table of content:
1. [Description](#1-description)
2. [Workflow](#2-workflow)
3. [Build and usage](#3-build-and-usage)
4. [Problems and troubleshooting](#4-problems-and-troubleshooting)
5. [Contact](#5-contact)



## 1. Description
<p>NMRS is implementation of very simple management system of nuclear reactor. 
Its job is to monitor temperatures (T1, T2 and T3) and decide when and if start cooling
the reactor.</p>

## 2. Workflow
<p>
NRMS uses CLI to communicate current temperatures and takes commands (quit or measure 
temperatures) from user. 
</p>

### 2.1 Temperature measurement
<p>
Temperature values are generated by PRNG from Crypto++ library which is triggered each 
time user measures them. After measurement temperatures are being checked and decision
is made: if any value exceeds its limit reactor is turned off nad cooling starts.
</p>

### 2.2 Cooling
<p>
Colling is implemented as decreasing the temperatures each time temperature is being measured.
Step of cooling is defined as COOLING_EFFICIENCY, and it is constant. Management system will 
cool system even after quiting system (when necessary).
</p>
<p>
<b>Note that while cooling is on. New temperatures are not generated by PRNG.</b>
</p>

## 3. Build and usage
To build project use cmake (version 3.20+) and install crypto++ library. Check path library
in [CMakeList.txt line 7](CMakeLists.txt) and run in project root directory:
```shell
mkdir build
cmake -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Debug -S . -B ./build
cmake --build ./build --target NRMS -- -j 6
```

Or open project from CMakeList.txt file with IDE that supports cmake projects.

To run just execute binary file:
```shell
./build/NRMS
```

## 4. Problems and troubleshooting:
### 4.1 Undefined behaviour
<p>
No UB present.
</p>

### 4.2 cmake
<p>
While developing cmake 3.20 was used but user can use previous version after editing CMakeLists.txt
file.
</p>

### 4.3 Bug reporting
<p>
In case of any bugs please report then via email. Information below.
</p>

## 5. Contact
Author: Piotr Kwiatkowski <br>
Email: XXXXXX@YYYY.ZZ

